Develop (#904)
loopbackio/strong-soap: README.md

To see it in practice, consider the sample in: [test/request-response-samples/addPets__force_namespaces](https://github.com/loopbackio/strong-soap/tree/master/test/request-response-samples/addPets__force_namespaces)

> ### Mapping of undefined element values
> 
> When the wsdl attribute nillable="true" it set, JSON values will map to null and XML values map to nillable='true' unless ignoreAttributesUndefined is set to false. When ignoreAttributesUndefined is set to false undefined element values will map to a self closing tag i.e. <tag/>
> 

Reviewer: Can we reword this?

```suggestion
### Mapping of JSON `undefined` values

For XML elements that are marked as `nillable` in their descriptor, JSON `undefined` is mapped to `<tag xsi:nil="true" />` by default.

Setting `jsonUndefinedAsXmlNil: false` will cause JSON `undefined` to be mapped to a `<tag/>`.
```
